I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.
In that instant, everything changed.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
The book is in front of the table.
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
The father died during childbirth.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
He colored deep space a soft yellow.
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.
The lake is a long way from here.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.
Having no hair made him look even hairier.
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
I am never at home on Sundays.
Don't step on the broken glass.
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.
The sun had set and so had his dreams.
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.
I covered my friend in baby oil.
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.